Shri Swabhav Madhura.
Yogi: She is natural sweetness that is Ananda.
She resides in the heart of her devotees as bliss.
Yogi: Om Twamev Sakshaat Shri Swabhav Madhura Namo Namah
Yogi: Shri Dhir Samerchita.
Yogi: Worshipped by the wise
Yogi: and the brave meaning She cannot be
worshipped by the cowardly and the stupid
Om Twameva Shakshat Shri Dhirsamerchita Namo Namah
Yogi: Shri Parmodara
Yogi: Of Supreme generosity.
Yogi: Who readily response to prayers of her devotees.
Om Twameva Sakshat Shri Parmodara Namo Namah.
Yogi: Shri Shashwati, ever present, continues.
Om Twameva Sakshat Shri Shashwati Namo Namah
Yogi: Shri Lokatita, transins
All created Universe, also it means
She is seated above Sahasrara.
Yogi: Om Twameva Sakshat Shri Lokatika Namo Namah.
Yogi: Shri Shamatmika.
Yogi: Peace is Her essence,
devotees with their minds at peace on Her abode.
Yogi: Om Twmev Sakshat Shri Shamatmika Namo Namah
Yogi: Shri Leela Vinodini.
Whose support is Universe, that is interact creation is Her play.
Om Twmeva Sakshat Shri Leela Vinodini Namo Namah.
Yogi: Shri Sadashiva, The secret house of Sadashiva.
Om Twamava Sakshat Shri Sadashiva Namo Namah.
Yogi: Shri Pushti, She is the nourishment.
It is She who nourishes the jeeva (the spirit)
by divine vibrations.
Om Twameva Sakshat Shri Pushti Namo Namah.
Yogi: Shri Chandranibha, She is luminous like the moon.
Om Twameva Sakshat Shri Chandranibha Namo Namah.
Yogi: Shri Raviprakhya,
Raviprakhaya, Florgent like Sun.
Om Twameva Sakshat Shri Raviprakhaya Namo Namah.
Yogi: Shri Pavana Kriti,
She is secret form, the view rest
Which is washes away all sins.
Om Twameva Sakshat Shri Pavana kriti Namo Namah.
Yogi: Shri Vishava Garbha.
The entire Universe is with in Her
as She is the Mother of the Universe.
Om Twameva Sakshat Shri Vishva Garbha Namo Namah.
Yogi: Shri Chitta Shakti
Yogi: She is the power of consciousness
that distance ignorance and confusion.
Om Twameva Shakshat Shri Chitta Shakati Namo Namah.
Yogi: Sheri Vishva Shakshini,
She is the silent witness action of the Universe.
Om Twameva Sakshat Shri Vishwa Sakshini Namo Namah.
Yogi: Shri Vimla, She is clean pure and untouched.
Om Twameva Sakshat Shri Vimla Namo Namah.
Yogi: Shri Verda, She is given the boons to the Trimurties.
Om Twameva Sakshat Shri Verda Namo Namah.
Yogi: Shri Vilasini. She is the humour
and the Universe is for Her pleasure.
Or She bless the pleasure
either opens or closes the way the self realizations.
Om twamava Sakshat Shri Vilasini Namo Namah.
Yogi: Shri Vijaya, The element of success in all actions
Om Twameva Shakshat Shri Vijaya Namo Namah.
Yogi: Vandarujan Vatsala, She loves her devotees as her children.
Om Twameva Sakshat Shri Vandarugen Vatsala Namo Namah.
Yogi: Sahaj Yog Dayani, She grants spontaneous Self realization
Yogi: Now we repeat the orignal three Mantras
Om Twamev Sakshaat Shri Maha Laxmi
Maha Saraswati Mahakali Trigunatmika Kundalini
Sakshaat Shri Adishakti Mataji
Shri Nirmala Devi Namo namah
Om Twamev Sakshaat Shri Kalki Sakshaat
Shri Adishakti Sakshaat  mataji
Shri Nirmala Devi Namo Namah.
Om twamev Sakshaat Shri Kalki Sakshaat
Shri Sahasrar Swamini Moksha Pradayani Mataji
Shri Nirmala Devi Namo Namah
Yogi: Now we will say the International Mantras
Om Twamev Sakshaat
Shri Nirmala Devyey Namo Namah.